Let's go into more details
of how we would control for
each of our control variables.
For user characteristics, the analyst
would make sure that all types
of people have a chance to visit
the site during the experiment,
not just those who shop in
the middle of the day, for instance.
So the experiment would be run for
at least 24 hours, but most likely for
a whole week to capture visitors
who browse over the weekends.
To control for
someone visiting the site more than
once, the analyst would want to
make sure that they were only counting
each individual person one time.
This is where the proxy of an IP
address or a cookie would come in.
In the dataset you'll be using,
users are split at the IP level.
To control for users who already have
an account, the analyst would want to
remove all data from the analysis for
people who already have an account.